this is the grill for you I called it
the Obama come on say hammers my Elmo
the boy I call this the big black
machine oh my god
do you smell gas a little bit came out
but how's the nervous that's just a
question you're the best salesman I've
ever seen I can see you being a
stockbroker like me could you give me a
job I wish I could my boss won't let me
hire I'll drop that burger he dropped
out of Harvard
you dropped out or Piedmont high that
was a couple credits shy of graduating I
got to get my GED I'm the principal of
this school I can do whatever I want
yo ran my house are you using a black
voice no I don't hear color alright
let's do some introductions my name is
Carrie I'm here to make a little extra
cash so that I can afford this one that
I got but that's none of our business
welcome to night school this book is
kind of thick I thought it'd be more
like a leaflet if you're not gonna do
the work drop the class no I'm gonna do
the work you'll see we'll see
yes we will great superb excellent good
[Music]
you're gonna be a financial analyst I am
and it starts immediately I've been
waiting on the Lord to bring me a
pint-sized little man who can fill this
out let me get you chicken from the Lord
you take that test tenderize your way
thank you
are you trying to get your GED are you
trying to get your GE yes you can get
out of my way
my suspicions were correct oh you're
clinically them there is no cure for
what you have oh my god I got learning
herpes I got the gift that people give
it boy you did the black boys thing we
have it's not a black voice not a black
voice you don't remember when you was in
that meeting he was like we gonna get it
lit up and hear this meeting lid it was
very lit I keep it 100 when have I ever
not kept it 100
[Music]